# n8n Workshop for SKE Students

This repository contains:
1. Introductory notes to n8n
2. Configurations/scripts used to setup a working n8n instance and populate PostgreSQL database with sample data
3. JSON for incomplete workflows

## Notice

*The ***I*** in this README refers to the author of this workshop.*

This workshop covers topics related to n8n to an extent of **Community Edition only** and by attending this workshop, I assume that:
* You do not fear self-hosting.
* You have experience of using Docker and Docker Compose.
* You have experience in coding using Javascript and knows what JSON is.
* You have working knowledge of using Large Language Models (e.g. OpenAI GPT, Anthropic Claude, Grok).

In case of not attending the workshop in-person during `05/11/2025 13:00 - 16:00 (UTC+7)`, this repository serves as a learning guide but may not contain everything I have spoken in the offline workshop.

## Introduction

**n8n** (or **nodemation**) is a workflow automation platform that gives technical teams the flexibility to construct automation plans,
schedule workflows and integrate with existing technologies or services at the speed of no-code platforms but with the capabilities of using APIs.

n8n is strongly recommended if:
* You want a rapid prototype of your application, your proof-of-concept etc.
* You want to try connecting services that can be complicated to connect with each other.

n8n is not for you if:
* You are planning to use it in production environment, especially customer facing.

**All-in-all, n8n is a tool for developer to get their concept realized or to develop an internal tool that is to automate mundane tasks.**

You will progress through the workshop note-to-note in [`/notes`](./notes) directory, you should be able to sort by name and go through each note.

## Resources

* [n8n Documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/)
  * [Hosting with Docker](https://docs.n8n.io/hosting/installation/docker/)
  * [Nodes](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/node-types/)
  * [Builtin Methods and Variables in Code Node](https://docs.n8n.io/code/builtin/overview/)
  * [AI Agent Node](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.agent/)